style: motivate 70&100 limits (#3395)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: docs/TIGER_STYLE.md

- Declare variables at the **smallest possible scope**, and **minimize the number of variables in
  scope**, to reduce the probability that variables are misused.

- There's a sharp discontinuity between a function fitting on a screen, and having to scroll to even
  see how long it is. For this physical reason we enforce a **hard limit of 70 lines per function**.
  Art is born out of constraints. There are many ways to cut a wall of code into chunks of 70 lines,

>   but only a few splits will feel just right. Some rules of thumb:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There's a sharp discontinuity between a function fitting on a screen, and having to scroll to
  see how long it is. For this physical reason we enforce a **hard limit of 70 lines per function**.
  Art is born of constraints. There are many ways to cut a wall of code into chunks of 70 lines,
  but only a few splits will feel right. Some rules of thumb:
```

  your editor help you by setting a column ruler. To wrap a function signature, call or data
  structure, add a trailing comma, close your eyes and let `zig fmt` do the rest.

>   Similar to function length, the motivation behind the number 100 is physical: this is just enough

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Similar to function length, the motivation behind the number 100 is physical: just enough
```
